[MUSIC].
>> Justin Meyer: Now we're going to
implement the val function which works
just the same.
The difference is that val
operates on input elements.
So let me show the exercise, and
then I'll explain the value
property of input elements.
So we're gonna add a val method that gets
and sets the value of an HTML element.
So if I have an input like this,
I can read its value property like this,
and I can also update its value property.
>> Justin Meyer: So
for those people who were kind of new,
I'm just gonna go over what
an input element looks like, and
that it has a value property.
So if I just create a input here and
I'll give it an id, age or
something, and
I'll give it a value of 100.
>> Justin Meyer: If I open up my breeds.
>> Justin Meyer: You can see I have that
100 there.
If I get my age element
>> Justin Meyer: You can
see has an input in there, and
you can see I could do that value on it.
It's gonna give me 100.
And if I set that to 200,
it updates the element on the left here.
So, basically you're gonna implement
the exacts just like you HTML,
but instead of the HTML function we did,
it's going to change the value property.
Other than that it's
gona look the exact same.
So this should take not very much time.
So if you could put like
six minutes on the board.
Then we'll break for
lunch right after this I think.
The answer is pretty straight forward for
this one,
because all we're doing is instead of
using innerHTML, we're just using val.
So the easiest thing to do here is just
copy the insides of this function,
paste it, and then instead of
setting innerHTML to new HTML,
we're gonna set value to new value,
and then return the value.
All right, exact same thing a lot of
jQuery code does this getter setter stuff,
text will be a little bit different.
But, attr and css, half of width,
half of some of these other
functions follow this
exact same pattern,
to make jQuery do what it does.